Q)itil benfits:

There are several benefits to using the ITIL framework:

Improved service delivery: 
Reduced costs: 
Improved customer satisfaction: 
Better alignment with business objectives: 
Increased productivity:
Greater transparency:

1)ITIL publications

ITIL service stratagy: understands organinizational objectives and customer needs
service design: turns the service stratagy into a plan for delivering the business objectives
service transition: Develop and improve capablity for intrudusing new service into supported environments
service operation: Manages services in supported environments
continual service improvement: achives service incremental and large-scale improvement

2) Monitoring:

monitoring is nothing but whatching/ observing in errors / issues where is it going wrong

3)why do the need to monitoring

Monitoring is important for a variety of reasons. 
It helps to ensure that systems, processes, and people are functioning properly and efficiently.
It can also help to identify problems or issues early on, 
so that they can be addressed before they become larger or more serious.
Additionally, monitoring can be used to track progress, performance, and other key metrics, 
which can help to inform decision-making and continuous improvement efforts.

4) what is incident Mangement?

--> incident mangementis a sudden distruption/interruption any appliction or server or database 
--> The application is not work properly then we have to create on incident& first we do icident management is to 
    resolve or fix as soon as possible to bring back the appliction to narmal stage in incident management, priority is very Importent
--> Based on the priority, we know the how important that problem priority is impact and urgency 
  
ex:- Report issue via email or logging incident inthe instance 
     defining priority as per the impact
	 assigning to the right group for quick resolution
	 resolving and communicating to the user
	 
5)what is problem management?
 
--> problem management is nothing but is to prevent that icident to reoccer again

Root couse: it colud be a data base issue, code issue network issue & whereit is coming from & who is responsible for it 
            & what changes there need to do to fix this problem & where there how to fix is it app code or infrostructre code
             server code
			 
			 

Data dog 
--------
Datadog is focused more on cloud monitoring and security.
 It offers the ability to see inside any stack or application at any scale and anywhere.
 Infrastructure monitoring, APM, log management, device monitoring, cloud workload monitoring, 
 and database monitoring are all included within its feature set
 
 DataDog is a paid SaaS tool that provides a range of products for monitoring applications and
 tech infrastructure. While CloudWatch is an Amazon Web Services product that monitors applications 
 running on AWS infrastructure, or using AWS services.